README.md, before:

# Discord Presence

Allows you to see which song you're playing along with other info while playing Beat Saber on Quest.

Everything should work fine, but if you encounter any problems, please let lixiangwuxian know about the issue.

## Features

- [x] Singleplayer Mode Support
- [x] Pratice Mode Pratice
- [x] Multiplayer Mode Support
- [x] Campaign Mode Support
- [x] Song&Map Info Support

## Installation

- To install the mod, use [Mods before Friday](https://mbf.bsquest.xyz/).
- To set up the mod, you need to install the client on your PC. The client and installation instructions are [here](https://github.com/Lauriethefish/Quest-Discord-Presence-Client).

## Downloads

You can download the mod for your BS version from the [releases page](https://github.com/lixiangwuxian/Quest-Discord-Presence/releases/latest)

[Config File](https://github.com/lixiangwuxian/Quest-Discord-Presence/blob/main/default-config.json)

## Credits

- [MadMagic](https://github.com/madmagic007), [zoller27osu](https://github.com/zoller27osu), [Sc2ad](https://github.com/Sc2ad) and [jakibaki](https://github.com/jakibaki) - [beatsaber-hook](https://github.com/sc2ad/beatsaber-hook)
- [lixiangwuxian](https://github.com/lixiangwuxian) for 1.37.0 support
- [CatsaCode](https://github.com/CatsaCode) for 1.40.8 support

Commit message:

Update README for bug reporting
Sorry lixiangwuxian, you haven't updated this repo or said anything in Discord so I'm assuming you've moved on. Feel free to revert this commit if not :)

README.md, after:

# Discord Presence

Allows you to see which song you're playing along with other info while playing Beat Saber on Quest.

Everything should work fine, but if you encounter any problems, please send a message in #quest-mod-dev on the BSMG Discord server or create an issue on this repository.

## Features

- [x] Singleplayer Mode Support
- [x] Pratice Mode Pratice
- [x] Multiplayer Mode Support
- [x] Campaign Mode Support
- [x] Song&Map Info Support

## Installation

- To install the mod, use [Mods before Friday](https://mbf.bsquest.xyz/).
- To set up the mod, you need to install the client on your PC. The client and installation instructions are [here](https://github.com/Lauriethefish/Quest-Discord-Presence-Client).

## Downloads

You can download the mod for your BS version from the [releases page](https://github.com/lixiangwuxian/Quest-Discord-Presence/releases/latest)

[Config File](https://github.com/lixiangwuxian/Quest-Discord-Presence/blob/main/default-config.json)

## Credits

- [MadMagic](https://github.com/madmagic007), [zoller27osu](https://github.com/zoller27osu), [Sc2ad](https://github.com/Sc2ad) and [jakibaki](https://github.com/jakibaki) - [beatsaber-hook](https://github.com/sc2ad/beatsaber-hook)
- [lixiangwuxian](https://github.com/lixiangwuxian) for 1.37.0 support
- [CatsaCode](https://github.com/CatsaCode) for 1.40.8 support
